ndio/ramon/RAMONBase.py:4:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ndio/ramon/RAMONBase.py:8:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONBase.py:8:29: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONBase.py:9:25: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONBase.py:9:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONBase.py:9:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONBase.py:10:25: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONBase.py:10:41: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONBase.py:10:43: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONBase.py:11:25: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONBase.py:11:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONBase.py:11:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONBase.py:12:25: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONBase.py:12:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONBase.py:12:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONBase.py:17:80: E501 line too long (84 > 79 characters)
ndio/ramon/RAMONBase.py:18:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
ndio/ramon/RAMONBase.py:19:80: E501 line too long (89 > 79 characters)
ndio/ramon/RAMONBase.py:21:80: E501 line too long (90 > 79 characters)
ndio/ramon/RAMONBase.py:32:5: E301 expected 1 blank line, found 0
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:7:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:12:17: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:12:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:12:29: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:13:17: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:13:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:13:29: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:14:17: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:14:23: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:14:25: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:15:17: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:15:23: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:15:25: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:16:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:16:23: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:16:25: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:17:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:17:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:17:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:18:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:18:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:18:39: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:19:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:19:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:19:29: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:20:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:20:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:20:29: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:23:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:23:39: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:23:41: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:24:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:24:39: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:24:41: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:25:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:25:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:25:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:26:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:26:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:26:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:27:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:27:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:27:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:28:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:28:39: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:28:41: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:29:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:29:45: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:29:47: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:30:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:30:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:30:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:31:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:31:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONGeneric.py:31:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:7:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:12:17: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:12:25: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:12:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:13:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:13:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:13:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:14:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:14:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:14:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:15:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:15:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:15:29: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:16:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:16:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:16:29: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:17:25: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:17:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:17:29: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:18:25: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:18:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:18:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:19:25: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:19:41: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:19:43: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:20:25: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:20:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:20:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:21:25: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:21:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:21:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:28:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:28:39: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:28:41: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:29:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:29:39: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:29:41: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:30:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:30:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:30:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:31:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:31:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:31:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:32:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:32:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:32:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:33:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:33:39: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:33:41: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:34:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:34:45: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:34:47: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:35:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:35:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:35:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:36:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:36:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONNeuron.py:36:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:7:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:12:17: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:12:32: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:12:34: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:13:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:13:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:13:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:14:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:14:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:14:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:15:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:15:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:15:29: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:16:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:16:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:16:29: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:17:25: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:17:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:17:29: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:18:25: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:18:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:18:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:19:25: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:19:41: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:19:43: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:20:25: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:20:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:20:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:21:25: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:21:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:21:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:26:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:26:39: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:26:41: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:27:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:27:39: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:27:41: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:28:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:28:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:28:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:29:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:29:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:29:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:30:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:30:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:30:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:31:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:31:39: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:31:41: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:32:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:32:45: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:32:47: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:33:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:33:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:33:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:34:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:34:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONOrganelle.py:34:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:7:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:12:17: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:12:30: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:12:32: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:13:17: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:13:23: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:13:25: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:14:17: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:14:25: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:14:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:15:17: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:15:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:15:29: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:16:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:16:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:16:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:17:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:17:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:17:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:18:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:18:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:18:29: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:19:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:19:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:19:29: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:20:25: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:20:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:20:29: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:21:25: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:21:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:21:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:22:25: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:22:41: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:22:43: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:23:25: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:23:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:23:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:24:25: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:24:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:24:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:32:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:32:39: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:32:41: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:33:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:33:39: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:33:41: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:34:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:34:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:34:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:35:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:35:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:35:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:36:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:36:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:36:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:37:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:37:39: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:37:41: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:38:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:38:45: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:38:47: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:39:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:39:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:39:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:40:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:40:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSegment.py:40:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:7:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:12:17: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:12:29: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:12:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:13:17: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:13:23: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:13:25: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:14:17: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:14:25: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:14:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:15:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:15:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:15:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:16:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:16:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:16:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:17:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:17:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:17:29: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:18:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:18:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:18:29: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:19:25: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:19:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:19:29: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:20:25: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:20:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:20:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:21:25: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:21:41: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:21:43: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:22:25: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:22:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:22:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:23:25: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:23:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:23:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:30:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:30:39: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:30:41: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:31:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:31:39: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:31:41: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:32:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:32:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:32:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:33:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:33:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:33:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:34:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:34:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:34:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:35:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:35:39: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:35:41: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:36:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:36:45: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:36:47: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:37:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:37:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:37:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:38:29: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:38:35: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONSynapse.py:38:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:7:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:12:17: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:12:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:12:29: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:13:17: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:13:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:13:29: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:14:17: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:14:23: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:14:25: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:15:17: E128 continuation line under-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:15:23: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:15:25: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:16:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:16:23: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:16:25: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:17:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:17:31: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:17:33: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:18:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:18:37: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:18:39: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:19:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:19:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:19:29: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:20:21: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:20:27: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:20:29: E251 unexpected spaces around keyword / parameter equals
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:22:80: E501 line too long (87 > 79 characters)
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:26:80: E501 line too long (83 > 79 characters)
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:27:80: E501 line too long (85 > 79 characters)
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:28:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:29:80: E501 line too long (91 > 79 characters)
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:39:29: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
ndio/ramon/RAMONVolume.py:40:29: E127 continuation line over-indented for visual indent
